Lm docs (#2267)
kyma-project/control-plane: docs/kyma-environment-broker/02-01-architecture.md

The diagram and steps describe the Kyma Environment Broker (KEB) workflow and the roles of specific components in this process:

![KEB diagram](./assets/keb-arch.svg)

1. The user sends a request to create a new cluster with [Kyma Runtime](https://github.com/kyma-incubator/compass/blob/master/docs/compass/02-01-components.md#kyma-runtime).

> 2. KEB proxies the request to create a new cluster to the Runtime Provisioner component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Kyma Environment Broker proxies the request to create a new cluster to the Runtime Provisioner component.
```

3. Provisioner creates a new cluster.

4. KEB creates a cluster configuration in the Reconciler (except preview plan).

> 5. Reconciler installs Kyma (except preview plan). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Reconciler installs Kyma (except for the preview plan). 
```

> 6. KEB creates Kyma resource (only for preview plan).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Kyma Environment Broker creates Kyma resource (only for the preview plan).
```

> 7. Lifecycle Manager manages Kyma modules (only for preview plan).

Reviewer 2: maybe make 7. as a subpoint of 6 ? it's just an implication of the Kyma CR creation

> 7. Lifecycle Manager manages Kyma modules (only for preview plan).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Lifecycle Manager manages Kyma modules (only for the preview plan).
```
